# Collaboration Development and Sharing Agreement 

Definitions:
- Project refers to the USpaceStation13 repository that includes all project files and subsequent products derived from this.
- Project Sponsors refers to the people owning the copyrights to the Project. Project Sponsors are listed under CREDITS.md.
- Github.com is the website that contains the repository that includes the Project.
- Contributor is any individual that submits files (code or other materials) to the Project through pull requests (provided through Github.com).
- Contribution refers to file changes, additions and removal along with any file-level changes that are submitted to the project by a contributor. Ideas, although may be used in development of the Project, do not count as a contribution.
- Revenue refers to any funds generated by the project (e.g., through ads) minus any expenses necessary for sustaining the project (e.g., domain fees, web server fees, etc.). Expenses fluctuate depending on the needs of the project.
- Contribution Formula (CF) refers to a class of software and algorithms that is used to estimate and rank the list of Contributors based on their accepted Contributions (to the Project) proportionally. CF is imperfect, part of ongoing research and subject to change in order to create a fair distribution of the Revenue generated by the Project.

Any Project Sponsor and Contributor submitting a Contribution to the Project ACCEPTS this agreement unconditionally. This is the equivalent of signing this agreement and it is binding. A Contributor agrees that upon submitting a Contribution grants to the Project a free right to use for his or her contribution. The free right to use is subject to the provisions of this agreement.

Any Contributions submitted to the project must be original work developed by the contributor or in the event that a contribution includes copyrighted content that comes outside the project, the contributor must obtain permission to allow for the copyrighted content to be used unconditionally by the Project. In the event the copyrighted material permits its use through a license (e.g. MIT, BSD)  these should be included in a LICENCE.txt file in the folder location of the copyrighted material and all appropriate credit attributions must be included in the file. Materials that have licenses that include a share-alike clause (e.g., Creative Commons, GNU) are incompatible with the EULA of the Unreal Engine 4 used by the Project and therefore cannot be included in Contributions. Any violations in regard to a license or copyright by a Contributor will result in the rejection of a contribution or the retroactive removal of the contribution in the event that it was already accepted. Such violations mean also that in the event of a Digital Millennium Copyright Act (DMCA) request, the Contributor is solely responsible for any copyright violation resulted by their Contributions. Github.com allows for tracking of a Contributions to a particular Contributor and this ability will be used in events of copyright violations to redirect the copyright owner to the Contributor that violated the copyright.

Revenue will be distributed proportionally to Contributors based on CF, conditioned upon: a) positive Revenue (not zero or negative), b) proportion of Contributions by a Contributor over the total Contributions of the Project based on CF is at least 1%, c) no violations of this agreement have been made by a Contributor, and, d) the contributor has requested to be paid as per this agreement by notifying the Project Sponsor and following all necessary requirements for legal, tax, and pay-related compliance (e.g., submitting any W-9 forms if necessary or Paypal account as needed for transactions to be completed). Final determinations in the event of conflicts are to be made by Project Sponsors using a majority vote.
