# Licence.md
Copyright (c) 2017, People listed in CREDITS.md
All rights reserved.

Definitions:
- Project refers to the USpaceStation13 repository that includes all project files and subsequent products derived from this.
- Project Sponsors refers to the people owning the copyrights to the Project. Project Sponsors are listed under CREDITS.md.
- Github.com is the website that contains the repository that includes the Project.
- Contributor is any individual that submits files (code or other materials) to the Project through pull requests (provided through Github.com).
- Contribution refers to file changes, additions and removal along with any file-level changes that are submitted to the project by a contributor. Ideas, although may be used in development of the Project, do not count as a contribution.
- Revenue refers to any funds generated by the project (e.g., through ads) minus any expenses necessary for sustaining the project (e.g., domain fees, web server fees, etc.). Expenses fluctuate depending on the needs of the project.
- Contribution Formula (CF) refers to a class of software and algorithms that is used to estimate and rank the list of Contributors based on their accepted Contributions (to the Project) proportionally. CF is imperfect, part of ongoing research and subject to change in order to create a fair distribution of the Revenue generated by the Project.

The Project's source code (not source code of the game engine) is provided for educational purposes and the following conditions apply:
1. Redistribution of the source code and compiled binary forms, with or without modification is prohibited unless otherwise authorized by a majority vote by Project Sponsors and only under the conditions for which authorization was given.
2. Individuals are allowed to modify the source code as long as there is no monetary profit made and the modified Project (source and binary form) is not distributed. The modified code can be submitted as a Contribution if an individual wishes to do so and agrees to the development and sharing agreement (AGREEMENT.md).
3. Forks through github.com are allowed as long as they reference the original repository and they must have the README.md, LICENCE.md, AGREEMENT.md and CREDITS.md files unmodified and on display (e.g., the main page of the repository). Such forks exist only to facilitate the development of the Project and NOT as a channel of distribution of source or binaries.
4. The aforementioned rules apply also to Project Sponsors, however, a Project Sponsor may reuse  parts of code/materials that he/she originally submitted. Since this is a crowdsourced Project, the reused parts should not resemble or reproduce the overall major functions of the Project.

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED ''AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL MICHAIL TSIKERDEKIS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
